feat(curriculum): add password generator project to Python curriculum (#52444)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-regular-expressions-by-building-a-password-generator/656ef7f792734072dedd8319.md

---
id: 656ef7f792734072dedd8319
title: Step 25
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-25
---

# --description--

> After your `for` loop, create a `constraints` variable and assign it an empty list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your `for` loop, create a `constraints` variable and assign an empty list to this variable.
```

# --hints--

> You should declare a `constraints` variable and assign it an empty list after your `for` loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should declare a `constraints` variable after your `for` loop and assign an empty list to this variable.
```

```js
({ test: () =>
  {
    const generate_pwd = __helpers.python.getDef(e.code.original["main.py"], "generate_password");
    const {function_body} = generate_pwd;    
    assert(function_body.match(/^(\s*)for.*:.*^\1constraints\s*=\s*\[\s*\]/ms));
  }
})
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```py
import secrets
import string

def generate_password(length, nums, special_chars, uppercase, lowercase):
    
    # Define the possible characters for the password
    letters = string.ascii_letters
    digits = string.digits
    symbols = string.punctuation

    # Combine all characters
    all_characters = letters + digits + symbols
--fcc-editable-region--
    while True:
        password = ''
        # Generate password
        for _ in range(length):
            password += secrets.choice(all_characters)
        
--fcc-editable-region--
    return password

> #new_password = generate_password(8)
> #print(new_password)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# new_password = generate_password(8)
# print(new_password)
```
